Congratulations, old lady.
I wish you all the best.
Shoubi Nanshan, thank you.
Grandma, this is the gift I bought for you.
Hope you like it.
Your coming is the best gift.
I like whatever you prepare
Wei Wei, you are so beautiful today
Who chose this dress for you?
It was always bought by Li
This kid has a good eye, hahaha.
Mr. Li, Miss Song is here
Dead old woman
What if you don't like me?
It's not about acceptance.
Grandma, I was wrong about what happened before
Thank you, my lord, for forgiving me
I will definitely work hard in the future
Learning how to be a good granddaughter-in-law
I will honor you with Beixian
Welcome to officially become a member of the Li family
Bringing everyone together today
Except for attending my birthday party
I have two more happy events to share with you
What about the first happy event?
It's my grandson Lee Bek Hyun
Going to get married
The marriage partner is
Mingwei